README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm Sam McGuire 👋
### Under Development
I am currently working as an Economist providing technical support to the Central Bank of Somaliland as an ODI Fellow. Previously I worked in various Economist roles in the UK Civil Service. 
I am passionate about developing my technical skills and applying them to research problems or to improve efficiencies. 

🧰 Current Projects
- An Enumerator Quality Control Web App:
  Saving time and automating part of the QC process, under development and any input is very welcome. 
- Night-Time Lights as a proxy for Economic Development in Somaliland:
  Research paper to help understand the geographic disparities of economic activity in Somaliland as GDP statistics are unsuitable. 


⚙️ Skill Development  
Always keen to develop my skills, particularly around geospatial analysis and ML uses for data analysis. So please reach out if you have something which could contribute to my existing projects. (I should probably continue to develop my web based skills too). 

### Papers & Writing:
Coming soon.

### Repositories:
Coming soon.

Commit message:

Udated
Updated README to include areas of interest and personal development.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Sam McGuire 👋
### Under Development
I am currently working as an Economist providing technical support to the Central Bank of Somaliland as an ODI Fellow. Previously I worked in various Economist roles in the UK Civil Service. 
I am passionate about developing my technical skills and applying them to research problems or to improve efficiencies. 

🌍 Areas of Interest  
- Monitoring & Evaluation (Especially integrating innovative technologies into this)
- Financial Inclusion
- Better Data & Better Decision Making
  

🧰 Current Projects
- An Enumerator Quality Control Web App:
  Saving time and automating part of the QC process, under development and any input is very welcome. 
- Night-Time Lights as a proxy for Economic Development in Somaliland:
  Research paper to help understand the geographic disparities of economic activity in Somaliland as GDP statistics are unsuitable. 


⚙️ Personal Development  
Always keen to develop my skills, particularly around geospatial analysis and ML uses for data analysis. 😊
Excited to try and play around with  vegetation indexes and integrate it into future analysis.
I should probably continue to develop my web based skills too. 😅


### Papers & Writing:
Coming soon.

### Repositories:
Coming soon.
